Better 404 rule example (#10314)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/404-useful-error-page/rule.md

---
type: rule
title: Do you have a useful 404 error page?
seoDescription: Enhance your ASP.NET site's user experience with a custom 404
  error page that redirects visitors effectively.
uri: 404-useful-error-page
authors:
  - title: Adam Cogan
    url: https://ssw.com.au/people/adam-cogan
  - title: Tiago Araujo
    url: https://ssw.com.au/people/tiago-araujo
  - title: Christian Morford-Waite
    url: https://ssw.com.au/people/christian-morford-waite
related:
  - 404-error-avoid-changing-the-url
redirects:
  - do-you-replace-the-404-error-with-a-useful-error-page
created: 2016-08-11T17:30:01.000Z
archivedreason: null
guid: a006213a-e97b-46a7-a66b-beb52b205533
---

> Error page, you say? You worked hard to make sure my site has no errors!! Well, surfers don't always type URLs accurately. No website is immune to such errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error page, you say? But you worked so hard to make sure everything runs perfectly! The thing is, even the best sites aren’t immune to the occasional misstep. Sometimes users just type a URL wrong. It happens.
```
